Hey! We’re the IT Vendor Management Office, or ITVMO for short.
We were established by the Office of Management and Budget to provide meaningful acquisition intelligence for faster, smarter IT buying decisions across the federal government.
Let’s talk about what we can do for you!
The ITVMO advises and advocates on behalf of agency IT buyer needs by serving them as their federal representative.
We’ve developed buying guides and best practices documents to support your OEM procurements.
Additionally, the ITVMO supports agency IT buyers on translating governing policies and navigating the federal marketplace, like our info sheets explaining new Executive Orders and identifying related resources.
Through the ITVMO’s Executive Steering Committee the program works with the IT Best-in-Class Vehicles to standardize requirements and increase market compliance.
We share information on the vehicles and can direct agency buyers to your program representatives.
Our network extends to provide you access to subject matter experts and resources by working across federal programs and ally organizations.
We routinely partner on events and initiatives to facilitate collaboration and solve shared challenges that improve government IT buying for stakeholders across the ecosystem.
Finally, we partner with OEMs, Small Businesses, and new entrants to solve common challenges and improve interoperability.
Through events like our annual ITVMO Summit and regular Small Business conferences, we connect IT vendors with agency buyers.
Please visit our website or get in touch with us to learn more.